Update why-wasnt-my-application-for-a-student-developer-pack-approved.md (#3415)
github/docs: content/education/explore-the-benefits-of-teaching-and-learning-with-github-education/why-wasnt-my-application-for-a-student-developer-pack-approved.md

### Unclear academic affiliation documents

> If the dates or schedule mentioned in your uploaded image doesn't matches our eligibility criteria, we require further proof of your academic status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dates or schedule mentioned in your uploaded image do not match our eligibility criteria, we require further proof of your academic status.
```

You're ineligible for a {% data variables.product.prodname_student_pack %} if:
- You're enrolled in an informal learning program that is not part of the [{% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} Campus Program](https://education.github.com/schools) and not enrolled in a degree or diploma granting course of study.

> You're pursuing a degree which will be terminated in the current academic session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You're pursuing a degree which will be terminated in the current academic session.
```

> You're studying in a degree which is about to get terminated in current academic session (such as for 2021. If you're about to pass your degree by the mid of 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're pursuing a degree which will be terminated in the current academic session.
```
